---
title: Day 1 - 2 ~ "#100DaysOfCode"
date: "2019-05-19T22:25:32.169Z"
template: "post"
draft: false
slug: "/posts/day1-2-100DaysOfCode/"
category: "#100DaysOfCode"
tags:
  - "Diary"
  - "#100DaysOfCode"
description: "So happy to start over completely again! Unlike before, this time I Am Ready!"
---

A few days ago when I read through some tweets and was attracted by this "**[#100DaysOfCode](https://twitter.com/search?q=%23100DaysOfCode&src=tyah)**" hashtag. People continuously document their coding progress each day and share with others. The community has inspired me tremendously. I decided to document my progress, too. I am going to use my blog to document because this way I do not have to worry about word-limitation. 

*Note: I will be updating #100DaysOfCode every Sunday*

##The goals for my 100 days: 

* Being able to finish any Technical Challenges within 40 or less minutes regardless of their difficulties

    1. Finish [Hackerrank](www.hackerrank.com) Interview Preparation Kit 

    2. [Free Code Camp](https://www.freecodecamp.org/) - Js Algorithms & Data Structure 

    3. Free Code Camp - Coding Interview Prep

    4. [LeetCode](https://leetcode.com/) - All Free Challenges

    5. CS Coding Challenge

* Knowing how to optimize codes 

* Being part of any Open Source Project(s)

* Build 2-3 Web and AR applications (MVP)

* Try your best to finish the "Clean Code" Book by Robert Cecil Martin 

* More Healthy and Happy! p^v^q


## Day 1 - 2 

Even before Day 1 and 2, I have already been studying and practicing coding challenges, but I have officially started documenting my progress just within these two days.

In the past few weeks, I have been experimenting with different methods and have used different platforms to learn and practice **Algorithms and Data Structure**. However, I do not think I have found a way that works best for me. I even had a hard time to focus and was overwhelmed. In order to help myself to stay more focus, I decide to choose **five resources** to focus on mainly (as you see above).

### Day 1

After going through some Leetcode, Codility, and Coding Interview University, I decided to restart again. Instead of jumping around from the above three resources, I have chosen *Hackerrank Interview Preparation Kit* to begin with. I have worked through most of the warm-up challenges, but I have *not fully solved* two of them. They only pass through some test cases, but not all of them.

While working through the Hackerrank challenges, sometimes, I got really stucked. Then, I would take a break and then go through the *Free Code Camp - Js Algorithms and Data Structure*. I basically went through *Basic JavaScript* section and finished 3/4 of the section. It was super refreshing to go through all the basics. I want to review all the JavaScript concepts from basic to advanced. This will be extremely helpful for me to spot out which JavaScript area I am sill not too comfortable with. 

  ####Progress: 

  * Hackerrank: All Warm-up Challenges (2/4 Solved)

  * FCC - Js Algorithms & Data Structure: Basic Js (3/4 Done)


### Day 2 

*(I am going to write in present-tense)*

There are several tasks I work on today. Most importantly, I have set up a schedule for next week and would like to give it a try to see whether it works or not. I am trying to experiment differenet ways to see which one can help me to increase my focus and productivity. I will let you know next week whether the method works or not. 

  ####Progress: 

  * FCC - Js Algorithms & Data Structure: Basic Js (Finished), ES6 (1/4 Done)

  * Personal Project: [Experiment](https://github.com/ngl4/test-camera) with Camera/Video Control (Success, but not efficient)

  * Learing AR with Unity: Build a portal frame and stencil test


#Quote For the Week: 

> What's so fascinating and frustrating and great about life is that you're constantly starting over, all the time, and I love that.
>
> — [Billy Crystal](https://www.google.com/search?q=billy+crystal&oq=Billy+Crystal&aqs=chrome.0.0j69i60j0l4.2846j0j4&sourceid=chrome&ie=UTF-8) 















