---
title: Day 10 - 13 ~ "#100DaysOfCode"
date: "2019-05-30T23:25:32.169Z"
template: "post"
draft: false
slug: "/posts/day10-13-100DaysOfCode/"
category: "#100DaysOfCode"
tags:
  - "Diary"
  - "#100DaysOfCode"
description: "This week: Basic -> Challenge; Challenge -> Basic ; Need to stay more focus!"
---

This week's learning method is to focus on going through FCC and try out a full-stack project idea I have. I set smaller goals this time, but I guess I need to make them even smaller. Most importantly, I mainly reflect on my progress each day, I need to think about what I need to practice more, what I am not familiarize with, and know what to prioritize. This way I am able to be able to **focus on improving my weaknesses**. 

**I am slightly nervous and excited for the Hackathon happening tomorrow. [Here](https://endeavor.swoogo.com/2019-Philadelphia-Hackathon) is some more information about the Hackathon.**

*I will write another blog post about **my first Hackathon experience** next week* 

*During my time at Hackathon, I will pause the #100DaysOfCode challenge for five days and will be back by next Wednesday* 

### Day 10

  ####Progress:

  * Hackerrank Warm-Up Challenges: Finish them and Rewrite some codes. (4/4) Done. I spend way too much time on the Repeated String challenge. After improving on my codes, I pass half of the test cases. After hours of trials and errors, I decide to find out how other people solve the same challenge. It is super great to see that my approach is not too far from other people's correct answer. 

  * Hackerrank Array Challenge: (2/5) Done. I did the Left-Rotation challenge pretty fast compared to my previous speed. I am happy for my improvement. 

  * Read Articles and Practice JavaScript methods: [`.map()`, `.filter()`, `.reduce()`, `forEach()`](https://danmartensen.svbtle.com/javascripts-map-reduce-and-filter) --- Though I use them often, I feel like sometimes I might not fully understand [when](https://medium.com/@JeffLombardJr/understanding-foreach-map-filter-and-find-in-javascript-f91da93b9f2c) is appropriate to use which methods. 

### Day 11

  ####Progress:

  * Pre-Full Stack Project: practice building a To-Do List using  React + Django following [this article](https://scotch.io/tutorials/build-a-to-do-application-using-django-and-react) -- took a while doing debugging and familiarize with Django and its MVC model. 
  
  Problem with Deployment: I still do not know how to do it yet. I would like to use Netlify, but I am not sure how to deploy React frontend with Django backend together. I have been trying out [Cactus on Netlify](https://www.netlify.com/blog/2016/04/08/a-step-by-step-guide-cactus-on-netlify/) -- maybe it may work, I will figure it out. 

  *After working slightly over this project idea, I know I really want to keep working on it, but it is not on the most important task on my priority list right now. So I am going to come back to this idea once I finish up all of my other tasks on my priority list.* 


### Day 12

**Google Developer Group Philly Meetup Event**  

This is a Google I/O 2019 Recap event hosted by the GDG Philly Meetup group. Going to this event is super helpful for me. It reminds me a lot of things that I might have forgotten. 

Here are the wonderful slides created by the GDG Philly members:

* [Google I/O 2019 Recap](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1hWy4O8BXRcCSVqrs5FfP62qzQSjqlHkDyBTAamALwfI/edit#slide=id.p)

* [Kotlin Coroutines](https://drive.google.com/file/d/136tcpdvucu-eesPqgeIVKbqOAO3d9X0t/view?usp=sharing)


####Progress:

  * FCC: Debugging (Done). 

  *I think today's progress is kind of slow. I have been distracted by different tasks. I will need to make myself more focus*


### Day 13

  ####Progress:

  * FCC: Basic Data Structure (Done). Basic Algorithms: (1/4). 

  * Fix the Github axios vulnerability for a few of my past projects. If you have not done so, check [this](https://github.com/axios/axios/issues/2183) out. & Don't Panic!!! 


*The goal for next week (after Hackathon) will be focusing on Hackerrank, FCC, & fix the black-screen issue for the AR app (MUST must must)*  

#Quote For the Week: 

> I love to win; but I love to lose almost as much. I love the thrill of victory, and I also love the challenge of defeat. 
>
> — [Lou Gehrig](https://www.google.com/search?ei=lKfwXJqoLIO7ggeQj7M4&q=lou+gehrig&oq=lou+gehrig&gs_l=psy-ab.3..35i39j0l7j0i67j0.1662.3260..3481...1.0..0.74.494.8......0....1..gws-wiz.......0i71j0i22i30.iKGwLJRuW-4) 















